Document iftype (#580)
ponylang/pony-tutorial: docs/expressions/control-structures.md

## Iftype

`iftype` is a compile-time conditional that selects a code path based on whether a type parameter satisfies a subtype constraint. It uses the `<:` operator to check the subtype relationship: `iftype A <: B` asks "is `A` a subtype of `B`?"

Because the condition is resolved at compile time, only the matching branch is included in the generated code. Both branches are type-checked, but the non-matching one is discarded from the output.

__How is iftype different from match?__ A `match` expression dispatches on the runtime type of a value. `iftype` operates on type parameters as they are known at compile time. If you call a generic function `foo[Animal](Cat)`, the type parameter is `Animal`, not `Cat` — so `iftype A <: Cat` would be false, even though the runtime value is a `Cat`.

Here's a simple example with a generic function that behaves differently depending on whether the type parameter is a specific class:

```pony
--8<-- "control-structures-iftype-basic.pony"
```

> This prints "meow" and then "woof". When `greet` is called with `Cat`, the compiler sees that `Cat <: Cat` is true and takes the `then` branch. When called with `Dog`, `Dog <: Cat` is false, so it takes the `else` branch.

Author: ```suggestion
This prints "meow" and then "not a meow". When `greet` is called with `Cat`, the compiler sees that `Cat <: Cat` is true and takes the `then` branch. When called with `Dog`, `Dog <: Cat` is false, so it takes the `else` branch.
```
